I am Saaichi Serveru, park owner of the Japanese centers
After the Wallace arrived here, the second year made its first official entrance here.
The Jirai Balcony was sldowned as a celebrity.
In the length of the Great East Coast War,
Hitachi Shrine will be closed to the children whenξ
, which is wise because most of the slopes will be covered by earth.
The reason why we should enjoy the peace and harmony of the people is that we are all one nation.
We are all citizens of each nation and each citizen of the Great East Asia.
In fact, the United States is only a tool for self-sustaining interests.
The United States has no right to recognize the justice of the people's peace.
Recently, the United States has been trying to make the peace of the people's land a reality.
The United States has been trying to make the construction of the peace of the people's land a reality.
The United States seeks Already for a
spotting the direction for Music daughter.
In short,
this was the show strike of the 1st anniversary.
As a result,
the Japanese Empire was
having very important cooperations
and have an win over their advancing neighbors.
Thank you for watching!